DOCS-2553: Add Create a Module how-to (#3135)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/registry/_index.md

## Modular resources

> {{<imgproc src="/platform/registry.svg" class="alignright" resize="x900" declaredimensions=true alt="Representation of the Viam registry, some modules within it, and a rover they support." style="max-width:350px" >}}

Reviewer: Try this to fix the formatting (margin on the right)
```suggestion
<p>
{{<imgproc src="/platform/registry.svg" class="alignright" resize="x900" declaredimensions=true alt="Representation of the Viam registry, some modules within it, and a rover they support." style="max-width:350px" >}}
</p>
```

Viam provides built-in support for a variety of {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="resource" text="resources" >}}:

- Various types of hardware {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="component" text="components" >}}.
- High-level functionality exposed as {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="service" text="services" >}}.

If the model of component or service you want to use for your project is not built into `viam-server` and available for configuration by default, you can use a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="model" text="model" >}} from a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="module" text="module" >}}.

> A module provides one or more {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="modular-resource" text="modular resources" >}}, and is packaged in a manner that streamlines deployment to a Viam machine.

Reviewer: shorten
```suggestion
A module provides one or more {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="modular-resource" text="modular resources" >}}, and is packaged to streamline deployment to a Viam machine.
```

`viam-server` manages the [dependencies](/internals/rdk/#dependency-management), [start-up](/internals/rdk/#start-up), [reconfiguration](/internals/rdk/#reconfiguration), [data management](/services/data/capture/#configure-data-capture-for-individual-components), and [shutdown](/internals/rdk/#shutdown) behavior of your modular resource.

> ### Tutorials using modules

Reviewer: should those be still kept somewhere? Or instead should we have the how to page here?

Reviewer: nvm I agree

To create a new module:

1. [Create a module](/registry/create/) with one or more modular resources by implementing all methods for the component's or service's standardized API.
1. [Upload the module to the Viam registry](/registry/upload/) to make it available for deployment to machines or add it as a [local module](/registry/configure/#local-modules).
1. [Create a module](/use-cases/create-module/) with one or more modular resources by implementing all methods for the component's or service's standardized API.
1. [Upload the module to the Viam registry](/use-cases/create-module//#upload-your-module-to-the-modular-resource-registry) to make it available for deployment to machines or add it as a [local module](/registry/configure/#local-modules).
   You can upload _private_ modules for your {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="organization" text="organization" >}} or _public_ modules.
1. Once you have uploaded your module to the registry, [deploy and configure the module](/registry/configure/) from the Viam app.
   Then, you can test your added resource using the [**CONTROL** tab](/fleet/control/) and [program](/build/program/) it with Viam's Go or Python SDKs.

> ## Naming your model: namespace:repo-name:name

Reviewer: I think we also need this info in reference style. Maybe in a model subpage? maybe copy what's here into a ticket. It doesn't need to be done now.

Author: Hmm this is part of the larger convo about reference and how-tos. I will create a ticket so we don't lose this thread but my personal take right now is that people should just look at this here; the info is all here, in one place, and we can link to it.
